docs: restructure docs (#38)
IRNAS/irnas-zephyr-template: doc/development/setup.md

# Development Setup

If you do not already have them you will need to:

- [install west](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.6.0/develop/west/install.html)
- [install east](https://github.com/IRNAS/irnas-east-software)

Then follow these steps:

```shell
east init -m https://github.com/IRNAS/<repo-name> <repo-name>
cd <repo-name>/project

# Set up east globally (this only needs to be done once on each machine)
east install nrfutil-toolchain-manager
# Install toolchain for the version of NCS used in this project
east install toolchain

# Run `west update` via east to set up west modules in the repository
east update

# Create default VERSION files
make gen-version
```

## Setup `pre-commit`

Turn on `pre-commit` tool by running `pre-commit install`. If you do not have it yet **or the
command did not succeed** follow instructions
[here](https://github.com/IRNAS/irnas-guidelines-docs/tree/main/tools/pre-commit).

## Building and flashing

> This repository contains several standalone firmware projects that can be build separately and are
> intended to be used for different use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains several standalone firmware projects that can be built separately and are
intended for different use cases:
```

Sligthly simpler.

If you disagree, then just fix build->built

Author: I agree

- `app` - The main application firmware that will be used in the production. Found under `app/`
  folder.

> - `sample` - Sample/example firmware, used either to demonstrate the use or functionality of smaller

Reviewer: The folder used to be called `samples`. Why change?

Zephyr also has a `samples` (and `drivers`, and `tests`, ...) folder.

  parts of the main application firmware or used for some testing purpose, for example: hardware
  bring-up tests. Samples are found under `samples/` folder.

> - `test` - Firmware used exclusively for unit testing testing or integration testing purposes. Tests

Reviewer: `test -> tests`, as per my comment above.

>   are found under `sample/` folder.

Reviewer: I feel like this whole list of folder explanations should be somewhere else. In some of our repos, we have a "repository folder structure" section in the readme ([example](https://github.com/IRNAS/sentek-iotprobe-firmware?tab=readme-ov-file#repository-folder-structure)). 

I think maybe having something like that in the template as well would be good. Then all of this info can be in there.

Author: So this wasn't meant to be a folder explanation, but more of a explanation of what kinds of projects can be found in the repository (app, sample, test).

But you do make a good point, we could have a "repository folder structure" section in the top README.

I will create such section and remove/adapt the highlighted one.
